I can defeat Dongying alone
Why join Forgetting Chuan?
Wangchuan and Dongying have always been evenly matched these years
You can only join Forgotten River
Only the people in Dongying dare not act rashly against your relatives
Why help me?
because
Dong Ying and I also have a sworn hatred
Over the years, I have established Wangchuan
Just to one day
Can completely crush Dongying
As long as you can get revenge
I will do whatever it takes.
Lord K
Everything has been done as you ordered.
Wei Wushuang joined Forget Chuan, right?
And a month later
He will represent Wangchuan Martial Arts Hall
Against our Dongying
Well, it seems to have only driven him to a corner
He was willing to shoot
Then next
Get the word out to all the underground casinos
The biggest gamble in Dongying is about to begin